update migration guide (#5478)
segmentio/segment-docs: src/connections/sources/catalog/libraries/server/csharp/migration-guide.md

        using Segment.Analytics.Compat;
      ```

3. (Optional) Update calls that resets anonymous ID. 
   

>    The old SDK requires you to provide anouymous ID. In the new SDK, it generates an Anonymous ID for you if you never call `analytics.Identify`. If you've called `Identify` and want to go back to anonymous, the new SDK provides a `Reset` function to acheive that.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The old SDK requires you to provide the anonymous ID. In the new SDK, it generates an Anonymous ID for you if you never call `analytics.Identify`. If you call `Identify` and want to go back to anonymous, the new SDK provides a `Reset` function to achieve that.
```

    <br> Before:
    ```c#                  
    Analytics.Client.Page(null, "Login", new Properties(), new Options()
    .SetAnonymousId("some-id"));
    ```

    <br> After:
    ```c#                  
    analytics.Reset();
    ```

## Optional Changes for Unit Tests

> 1. Change your development settings if you would like to make analytics run synchronously for testing purposes. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Change your development settings if you would like to make analytics run synchronously for testing purposes. 
```
